Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In the previous video we created our state create their function.
I know it was a lot of taking but now that we have that information we are ready to go with our data
set loading process and create our a trader in the next video in this video we will create our data
set loader function that we created two videos ago to load our stock market data but before we do that
let's define a new variable called stock name and that stock name variable is going to be set to in
this case Apple we are going to use that information to load our data so define this data variable and
that is going to be equal to data set loader function that takes a single argument and that is our stock
may execute a cell and let's quickly visualize before we proceed any further.
And as you can see we have that information about the closed column for each day from 2010 to today
when the video was recorded and that's it for our data loader function.
We can delete this line now and we are ready to proceed to the next step in the next video we are going
to define our trader and to see what hyper parameters to use for the multiple if you have any questions
or comments so far.
Please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll see you in the next tutorial.